At the dawn of human civilization creating value arose as an unique survival technique for the individual, exchanging value to another in order to gain leverage over something or someone. Communities thrive as markets began to trade in a variety of goods. A situation began to form as more individuals start to focus on certain masteries, the necessity to exchange a commonly desirable commodity to trade for goods forms. Merchants begin to accept gold as tender. As Governments begin to form, financial institutions create currencies to ease transactions and provide an uniform method to do business, using gold as a method to insure currency holders the legal tender is exchangable for tangibile goods by a financial insitution. As humans begin to increasingly rely on economic stability for survival, people [governments] begin to issue currencies basing on the infrastructure the currency relies on. To insure currency stability, business agreements are made between people creating potential value [debt | favor] basing on the currency creating trust [between entities]. As business agreements are made on an increasingly variable infrastructure[s] [environment[s]], new currencies evolve in specific business environments [infrastructures] to mediate exchange. As the currencies circulate through business environments trust increases between parties as individuals begin to comprehend others' desires within the business [industry] allowing similar businesses to diversify becoming a more environmentally stable system [ESS]. As a business within a similar environment becomes more valuable than an infrastructure may sustain, the necessity for a business to use currencies which enable the business to exchange for a broader spectrum becomes a necessity. Currency exchanges begin to create methods [ways?] to convert value across markets. 

People begin to create algorithims to analyze currency patterns in order to capitalize on financial market trades. These algorithims begin to form economic trends informing people about potential economical events. As these trends begin to become commonplace in banking an evolution occurs. The ability to analyze these trends grows exponentially creating analysis according to economic statistical data. As the reliance on such computers to gain profit by banks grows, something else occurs. In parallel, an algorithimic environment creates an opportunity for financial infrastructure through/by solving complex puzzles. An architectural currency evolves basing on solving distinct unique puzzles. As the architecture may be encaspulate a spectrum, a currency becomes definitive creating an environmentally stable system [ESS]. The greater the architectural currency's ability [structure] to encapsulate a broader spectrum definitively the more stable the currency is capable on being. 

As people begin to capitalize on an architectural currency environment, information to create a limitless spectrum grows. As information spreads to create a limitless spectrum, the greatest growth is on the spectrum's edge enabling the opportunity to capitalize on a trend instantanously. As people begin to act on the edge, information becomes increasingly free as acting on information becomes more valuable than the information creating a greater environment. As people begin to act on information the ability for people to interpret an action's implications grows permitting people to act on a more valuable environment to capitalize on. 

As an environment evolves to enable action, sharing goods become increasingly valuable. As people begin pooling goods together, people begin producing [collaborative] products rewarding contributors with profit through architectural currency. As business environments increasingly become more collaborative, architectural currencies enable independent persons to contribute value to collaborative projects [anonymously] creating trust through generating goods; product stability perpetuates greater an opportunity a product may go in a package.  As products are brought together in a package, to know people begin creating applications enabling action. Application abundance allows people to produce platforms elevating environmental mobility. 