\|>Et3<|/

[ Page 1]
The ability at comprehending momentary instances will permit an individual greater understanding at being aware: specifically terrain, obstacles, fundamental dynamics or premise.
Properly allocating resources will enable greater efficiency or higher capability at performing operatiosn successfuly with minimum costs.
Establishing personal relationships varying in scope fro mstranger to ally to enemy will allow greater recognition at recognizing certain after effects at performing an action.
Moral laws perpetuating righteousness successfully standardize civilization.
Prevailing may be utilized by a person standing or leading people towards accomplishing goals or overcoming obstacles.

[ Page 2 ]
Territory allows a person the capatibility at recognizing their own domain.
A person may utilize territory as a means at creating leverage acquiring a position capable at completing purposeful actions or goals.
Together utilizing each factor, a person may reach a greater or abssolute opportune momentary victory as It is at will.
Better realizing all aspects to Victory will require more than being blissfully ignorant of the current circumstances.
Of all the different forces capable to a person, the fighting factors of using direct or indirect methods will become difficult.

[ Page 3 ]
Business is war. 
All warfare is based on deception.
Battling for humanity's best interest or the 'greater good' reates unfavorable circumstances for the weak.
Recognizing certain laws may be deemable as 'universal law' i.e. 'murder is a crime' may help unite the battlefields against the existential human condition resisting disasters of epic porportions.
Enabling an opportunity the chance at existing uniting humanity although is not enough. 
Reaching independence must also be acquired sustaining the inalienable right of being free presenting free will or freedom at no cost.

[ Page 4 ]
An objective is creating circumstances of unique ability at preserving life and freedom.
Perhaps the ongoing pursuit of happiness will allow a person the greatest joy at chasing the objective as the moment may be a flight away.
While the journey may last a life, youth is constantly something ap erson may cherish.
Permitting youth the chance or opportunity at adventuring is a way at maximizing capital gain for the indviidual, society or businesses.
Although better having gradual growth, than abruptness for safety's sake.

[ Page 5 ]
Preserving human rights are essential at sustaining any civilized society and must be done by the government and optionally by the people.
As the people should not be afraid of thegovernment, the government should be afraid of the people.
Democracy is the most admirable government as each person may voice their opinion persisting certain inaliable rights evolving laws, creating more opportune moments.
A person's ability at controlling the intake of any foreign substance MUST be preserved as a person has the right at controlling their own body.

[ Page 6 ]
Activism is a constant requriement of a working democracy, as public opinion varies building a more universal understanding through public forums.
Additionally, solidarity enables shy individuals at voicing support or dissent creating a beneficial dialogue on currnet issues.
The act of bringing together people als oenables a sense of community allowing more social leaders the ability at emerging helping those busy a other activities a way of supporting certain causes.
The differnet movements also inspire individuals the option at becoming a hero(ine).
Activism also allows people the chance at meeting friends with similar interests of causes.

[ Page 7 ]
The preservation of culture is essnetial at creating a sustainable global community of different persuasions. 
Keeping traditional methadology, themes or ways may be difficult in modern society as many advancements fulfill roles using cheap processes destroying honorable ways, able at performing less.; although capable at being interpeted greater providing rich historical context.
As history is a very important aspect at understanding civilization; 'those who do not know history ar edoomed to repeat it'.

[ Page 8 ]
Censorship is the prevention of a certain subject; tacit; statistical analysis; etc. blocking a person nof curious nature the ability at learning something potentially dangerous. 
Such as: music may be blocked by a person choosing a profanitinity channel; protecting sensitive humans from hearing curses.
Although censorship may have benefits.
Freedom of speech must prevail potentially leading a chaotic scenario since the voice of certain concepts must continue as civilization evolves;
Permitting an opportunity of order being evanessacent creating life throughout humanity.

[ Page 10 ]
Any demoratic government requires transparency; giving the people a greater view at the current issues.
Different groups propose the level of transparency certain aspects require at accomplishing greater goals.
Additionally, democratic governments need a beter understanding of the populice's opinion on certai nlaws or causes regulating better the poeple their meant to represent;
Minimizing lobbying interests and preserving the goal at uniting willing participants together.

[ Page 11 ]
Undesirable physical force is wrong unless a person is inflicting equal or less force back as a reactory measure.
Although choosing the passifist act will inspire people possibily bringing peace on a battlefield.
A person able at enduring greater pains will learn defensive skills able at defeating tough opponents.
Reacting or accepting a challenge may warrant unncessary force may be used entailing greater circumstantial benefits.

[ Page 12 ]
Family is very important, perhaps the most important quality of them all.
Protecting children is the most vital at sustaining a growing society.

[ Page 13 ]
The best celebrations require accomplishments. 
Overcoming adversity, obstacles or disruption and having a special moment with friends or family perhaps drinkin ga beer, enjoying dessert or remminising about the 'battle' helps create positive momentum.

[ Page 14 ]
Desiring money, or greed, is an essential characteristic among indvidiuals in an evolving anarcho-capitalistic society.
Permitting free market to open allowing economics increasing perpetual nature will offer people a level of freedom on creating, trading, selling, or buying non-tangible, tangible or non-existence in regulating socities.
Regulating civilizations will block innovations from occuring, freely creating problematic situations to occur.

[ Page 15 ]
The utter reducancy present continues overwelming progress or advancement.
Looking at potraying uniqueness aditionally is wrong as a person will still be concerning themselves with mediocratiy of being vain.
Finding something special may inspire uniqueness imbuing a sense of bewilderment capable at reaching difference.

[ Page 16 ]
A goal allows a person retrospectiveness on current instances existing; binding together purpose and objectivity

[ Page 17 ]
Formulating mathemtical equations may be difficult concerning complex scenarios of epic proportions.
Simplifying expressions will allow greater mobility; additionally more enjoyment.

[ Page 18 ]
Appreciating msuic brings solace, reinvigorating the heart with passion able at enjoying all of life's greater wonders. 
Creating something with such emotion, must be greater.
Putting together notes able at guiding the heart towards heavenly stories; vibing present feelings.

[ Page 19 ]
Disassociating fro mthe average American lifestyle requires a certain objectivity as companies often exaggorate necessities.
A way of performing above and beyond expectations is releasing flaws being more open on a humanity scale.
Fighting may be a requiring aspect as evil forces lurk in the depths of humanity's spectrum.
Best defending from a high morale ground hoping the wrongful read righteousness.

[ Page 20 ]
Uniting humanity under one banner creates a sense of solidarity through the nations.
Bringing together people will allow more transparency through more communication.
Alhtough keeping traditional culture will be an obstacle as the diffusion occurs.
By preserving traditional culture while fusing together cultural values will be highly difficult.
Obstacles include providing justice blindly conveying crime and punishment while allowing freedom in all aspects of life.
putting certain universla laws in place presenting humanity's destruction.
